Document new error codes (#280)
VerifiedInc/VerifiedInc.github.io: versioned_docs/version-2.1/reusables/errors/SKE002.mdx

import ErrorDisplay from '@site/src/components/ErrorDisplay.jsx';
import SandboxValidationAdmonition from '@site/versioned_docs/version-2.0/reusables/sandbox-validation-admonition.mdx';
import BirthDateOverSsn4Admonition from '@site/versioned_docs/version-2.0/reusables/birth-date-over-ssn4-admonition.mdx';
import Admonition from '@theme/Admonition';

<ErrorDisplay
  message='Error resolving data'
  dataPhone={'"phone" is required'}
  additionalInputs=''
  riskSignals=''
  description=''
  integrationType='SDK'
  whenThisIsReturned={
    <>

>       When an API key used to call POST /client/1-click (to create a session key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When an API key used to call POST /client/1-click (to create a session key for initializing the SDK) is for a brand whose <strong>Phone Verification</strong> setting is set to <strong>Use your own</strong>, and the phone number is not included in the request body.
```
The setting names/values at the code level are never exposed to the customer, so we shouldn't use them in the Docs. Instead, we should use what they see (in the Dashboard and Setup guide).

>       for initializing the SDK) is for a brand whose{' '}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       <strong>phoneVerificationType</strong> is

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       <strong>byCustomer</strong>, the phone number must be included in the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    </>
  }
  howToHandle={
    <>

>       Ensure that the request body contains a valid phone number under the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Include a phone number in the request body.
```

>       appropriate field <strong>phone</strong>. This is required for session key

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       creation when <strong>phoneVerificationType</strong> is{' '}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       <strong>byCustomer</strong>. If the phone number is missing, the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>       will fail validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
